Resources added for Jasmine (#1149)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/100-frontend/content/115-testing-your-apps/108-jasmine.md

# Jasmine

> Jasmine is the most popular JS library for unit testing web apps. It's behavior-driven development framework for unit testing JavaScript applications. It provides utilities that can be used to run automated tests for both synchronous and asynchronous code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jasmine is a behavior-driven development framework for testing JavaScript code. It does not depend on any other JavaScript frameworks. It does not require a DOM. And it has a clean, obvious syntax so that you can easily write tests. It provides utilities that can be used to run automated tests for both synchronous and asynchronous code.
```

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Resources</ResourceGroupTitle>

> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://jasmine.github.io/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://jasmine.github.io/pages/docs_home.html'>Official Docs</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Website' href='https://jasmine.github.io/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Docs' href='https://jasmine.github.io/pages/docs_home.html'>Official Docs</BadgeLink>
```
